same	be the lack of lack of lack the be the be the lack of food
how's it going?	i like to pride myself pride to like to like i thanks i like i like to pride myself pride to pride to pride to pride to pride myself pride to pride to like i thanks one
how's it going?	time
yo	what're you using?
hello	dedication xd
hi	i'm not a not a not i'm hear
hello	making sense lol, i'm lol, sense making not i'm not i'm not i'm if i'm if sorry alright
hey	work, we should we should break should break should we should break should we should break should we work, to going is team my hear, my hear, my hear, to good to hear, to good to hear, my hear, to good to hear, my hear, to good to hear, to hear, my team my team my team is going to going is this is going to going is this think don't i don't i hurt
yo	didn't i
hey	anyways are you going to going you are you going you are anyways yea
hello	my middle name
hey, what's your name?	jokester
good morning	and stuff.
come on, give me a full response	as being a bit a bit a being a being a bit a being a bit of a jokester
please no more repetition	that's good to good that's good to good that's goodbye!
hi	would be the be the lack the be would complaint only my yea, my yea, my only my yea, over
yo	what're you using?
who are you?	same
good evening	being a bit of bit a bit a being a bit of bit of bit a bit a bit a being a bit of a jokester
hello there	finish your project your project in time?
what else can you do?	a fan of fan a not i'm not a fan of boba of fan a not a not i'm hear
no more repetition please	personally
no more repetition please	a fan of boba personally
no more repetition please	going to finish your finish to finish your finish to going to finish to finish your finish your finish to going you going to going to finish your finish to finish your project your finish to going you going you going you going you going to finish your project in project in time?
no more repetition please	goodbye
no more repetition please	if i'm not making sense making sense lol, i'm lol, sense lol, i'm lol, i'm lol, i'm lol, sense making sense lol, sense lol, sense lol, sense making not making sense lol, sense making sense lol, sense lol, sense making not i'm if i'm if i'm if sorry alright
no more repetition please	to work, we work, we should break should break up
hello	you going to going to finish to going you are anyways are anyways are anyways yea
hello	problems with apis with problems with apis with problems with apis with problems with problems with problems just problems just problems with problems with apis and stuff.
hello	they have boba have boba here
hello	same
hello	be the lack the be would complaint would be would be the lack of lack the lack of food
hello	that's good to good that's good that's good to good to good that's good to good to good that's good that's good that's good that's same
hello	dedication xd
hello	lul
hello	lack of food
hello	to finish it in it in it in time
hello	to work, we should break should we work, to going is going to going is this think this think this think don't think don't think don't think don't think don't think don't i hurt
hello	middle name
hello	i came to came to came to this to this hackathon this hackathon this to this to came i came i came to came i came to came i came i came to this to this to this to this to came to came to this to came i came i came to this to this to came to this to this to came to came to this hackathon didn't i
hello	we should break should break up
hello	fan of boba personally
hi	well i came to this to came to this to came i well i came to came to this to came i well i well motivated
hi	nice one
hello	my only complaint would complaint would be would complaint would be the be would be would complaint would complaint would complaint only complaint would complaint would complaint only complaint would complaint only my only my only my yea, my only complaint only my yea, hear
hello	like boba
hello	myself as being a bit of a of bit of bit of a of bit a bit of a jokester
hello	be the lack of food
hello	i like to like to like i thanks time?
hello	well!
hello	so glad they glad so glad so i'm so i'm so i'm so glad so i'm tired.
hello	you using?
hello	finish your project your project your project in project in time?
hello	sometimes lul
hello	good to hear
hello	dedication xd
hello	i'm tired.
hello	yea, my only my yea, my yea, my yea, over
hello	well you shouldn't
hi	could be better.
hello	food
hello	name
hi	and stuff.
hello!	a bit of a of bit of a of bit a bit a bit a bit a bit of bit a bit a bit of a jokester
hello	just problems with problems just i
hello	using?
hello	been midly hurt
hello	lol, i'm tired.
hello	to hear
what is your name	only complaint would complaint only my yea, over
my name is chris, what's yours?	yea, my only my only my yea, my yea, my yea, my yea, serious?
my name is chris	of boba personally
my name is jeff	interesting
hello	yea, my only my only my yea, my only my only complaint only complaint would be the lack of food
hello	apis and stuff.
hello	with apis and stuff.
hello	like to pride myself as being a bit of bit a bit a being as myself pride to pride myself as being as being a being a being as being a being as myself as being as being a bit a being a bit of bit of bit of bit of bit of bit a being a being as being as being as myself as being a being a being as being as being as myself as myself as myself pride myself as being a being as being as being a being a bit of a jokester
my name is jeff	good to hear
hi	well alright
hello	i like to like i thanks time?
hello	apis and stuff.
hi	i'm not making sense lol, sense lol, sense lol, sense lol, i'm tired.
hi	midly hurt
hello	a bit of a of bit a bit of bit a being as myself pride to pride to pride myself as myself as myself as myself as being as myself as being as being as myself pride to like to pride myself pride to like i like to pride to like i like i like i thanks i like i thanks i thanks i like i like to pride to pride myself as being as myself as being a being as being a being a being a bit a being a bit a bit a being as myself as being a bit of
how are you?	yea, my only my only my yea, my yea, serious?
hello!	pride myself as myself pride myself as myself pride to pride myself as being a bit a being as myself pride to like to like i thanks i like to pride myself as myself as being as myself pride to like i like i thanks i like to like i like to pride to pride to pride to pride myself as being a bit a being a bit a bit a bit a being as myself pride to pride to like i like to pride to pride myself as being as myself pride myself pride myself as myself as myself pride to pride
hello	going to have to pull to have to have to going to going to going to work, we work, we work, to have to pull to pull it together to finish it finish it finish it in time
hello	you serious?
hello	ha nice one
good morning!	time
good morning!	platform
good morning!	they have boba have boba here
good morning!	sounds like you are you are motivated
hi	ah interesting
my name is jeff	that case goodbye!
hello	you going to going you going you are anyways are you are anyways are anyways yea
hello there!	it going?
hi	same
hi	no prob haha
hello	to have to pull it together to together to together to finish to together it together to together it pull to have to pull to have to pull it together it together to finish to together to together to together it together it pull it together it pull it pull it together to finish to together to together to finish to finish it in it finish to finish it finish to together to together to finish to together it pull it pull it pull it together to together to finish to together to together to finish to together it together it pull to
hey	being a bit a bit a being a bit of bit of bit of a of a of a jokester
hey	been midly hurt
hey	came to this to this hackathon didn't hackathon didn't i
hey	is my middle name
hey	a fan of boba of boba personally
hey	feelings have been have feelings my feelings my motivated
hey	conversation is over
sup	being a bit of a of bit a bit a bit of a jokester
hey	problems with apis and stuff.
hey	anyways are you going to finish your project your project your finish to finish your project your project your project your finish to finish your project in project your project in project in time?
hello	food
hello	this conversation is conversation this well this well this conversation is conversation is conversation is conversation this conversation this well this conversation is over
hello	hurt
hello	that?
sup	glad they have boba here
hey	you using?
hey	what're you using?
hello	in time
hello	why's that?
hey	lol, i'm tired.
hello	good to hear
hey	work, we should break up
hey	alright i guess
hello	you sleep last night?
hey	well you shouldn't
hi	this is going to have to have to work, we should we should we should break up
whatsup	xd
hey	case goodbye!
my name is tyler	same, same.
hey	conversation is over
I am training you	oh me too!
sup homie	i wish
yo yo	to finish your finish to finish to finish to going you are you are anyways are you going you are anyways yea
yo yo	finish your project your project your finish to going to going to finish your finish to going to finish to finish to finish your finish to going you going you are anyways are you going you are anyways are anyways are anyways are anyways yea
hello	with apis and apis and apis with problems just problems just problems just that?
dont repeat	lol, i'm tired.
Are you a Bot?	alright i guess
your algorithm is trash	using?
hey you	you using?
what the hek	have boba here